for 13 years timothy treadwell lived
among the grizzly bears in the alaskan
wilderness
during that time he shot over 100 hours
of videotape until 2003 when he was
killed by one of the bears he had sworn
to protect
I'm here with one of my favorite bears
it's mr. chocolate hey mr. chocolate
he's been with me for over a decade and
he's been my good friend oh he's a big
bear he's a big bear I'm very big bear
Wow when you spend a lot of time with
bears a day after day there's a calling
that makes you want to come in and spend
more time in the world expedition 2001 I
came here and protected the animals as
best I could in fact I'm the only
protection for these animals out here
animals rule
Timothy conquered he tended to wanted to
become a bear most times I'm a kind
warrior out here occasionally I am
challenged and in that case the kind
warrior must must must become a samurai
I think he had lost sight of what was
really going on or he got what was
asking for he got what he deserved
come here and try to do it I do you will
die you will die here
we need more rain Melissa is eating our
babies and Timothy I'm getting a bad
feeling that you could smell death all
my fingers
I will die for these animals these
animals
in the Drover's are gone my life is if I
do I love it Geronimo's gone he says if
I don't come back it's what I want
helen is gone and the red wolf is gone
and that's my story here for me Timothy
Treadwell
the kind Warrior